shogoki

high

# possible loss of funds - attacker can approve all Tokens of MarginTrading to himself

## Summary

An Attacker can approve any ERC20 tokens from the MarginTrading contract to himself. 
This can result in 

## Vulnerability Detail

in `_opentrade` and `_closetrade` function of MarginTrading.sol there is a loop calling approve for a list of input defined ERC20 token addresses for an also input defined address and the uint256 max value.

This is supposed to approve for the DODOApprove contract. However, an attacker can set this inputs to any tokens and any address to be able to approve any tokens of the MarginTrading contract to himself

This is possible because the entry to these function is not fully safeguarded, therefore everybody is able to call them. Because these functions are called inside `executeOperation`, which is the callback function for the AAVE FlashLoan. This function is only safeguarded by the `onlyLendingPool` modifier which allows only the AAVE Pool to be the caller of this function. 
However, this check is not enough, because everybody is able to request a flash loan on AAVE for the MarginTrading contract address and add crafted execution Parameters for `executeOperation` function, that are passed to `_opentrade` or `_closetrade` and use it to steal all the user funds.

A Possible attack flow could look like this:

1. Attacker encodes params:
    1. setting `_flag` to `1`
    2. setting `_swapApproveToken_` to a list of ERC20 token addresses the contract is holding.
    3. setting `_swapApproveTarget` to `his own address
    4. setting `_swapParams` to any bytes value > 0
    5. setting all other Params to Zero Values
2. Attacker calls AAVELendingPool->flashLoan with the victims MarginTradingcontract as receiver and the encodedParams

```plain
(attacker) -> LendingPool:flashLoan -> MarginTrading:executeOperation
-> ERC20:approve(attacker, uint256.max) 
```
**NOTE:** The `MockLendingPoolV2` contract, which is used for testing, is not vulnerable to this. Because it calls the callback function on `msg.sender` instead of `receiver`. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/mock/MockLendingPoolV2.sol#L129

But the actual AAVEv2 contract, which will be used in production is calling the callback function on `receiver`. 

https://github.com/aave/protocol-v2/blob/ce53c4a8c8620125063168620eba0a8a92854eb8/contracts/protocol/lendingpool/LendingPool.sol#L510

## Impact

An Attacker can approve all ERC20 tokens a user´s MarginTrading contract is holding to himself, allowing him to steal them.

## Code Snippet

`executeOperation`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L121-L166

`onlyLendingPool` modifier:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L33-L36

vulnerable line in `_opentrade`and `_clostrade`: 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L309

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L267

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Replace generic input based approve call and maybe store the target address inside the contract.

2. Secure entrance to `executeOperation` function by checking the `_initiator` address.
