CRYP70

medium

# Missing initiator check could lead to griefing attacks

## Summary

The `MarginTrading` contract allows a user to create a position by deploying the contract, executing a flash loan against Aave, swapping their tokens for the desired token to trade and fulfilling the flash loan by depositing into Aave. When executing a swap for the desired, there is no deadline for the swap call.

## Vulnerability Detail

Consider this situation: If a user’s `MarginTrading` contract initiates a swap while using the flash loan functionality, a validator could potentially delay the transaction until it becomes more advantageous to them such as when market conditions cause slippage. Since there is no expiration date on the swap, the validator might withhold the transaction from execution until the user experiences the maximum possible slippage due to market turbulence, thus making the transaction more profitable for the validator.

## Impact

The deadline parameter ensures that your transaction cannot be “saved for later”. Due to this being unchecked, it could allow for transactions to be maliciously executed making it more profitable for the validator. 

## Code Snippet

- [https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L312](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L312)
- [https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L270](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L270)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

I recommend allowing the user to pass a desired end date as a parameter which is when they expect the transaction to be executed. After the swap call has been executed and validated as a success, this should be checked against the `block.timestamp` to ensure the transaction is executed in the expected timeframe.