carrotsmuggler

high

# Approvals to routers cannot be revoked/lowered

## Summary

Approvals handed out to router contracts cannot be revoked. If any router contract gets hacked, all funds are eternally unsafe.

## Vulnerability Detail

Router contracts are given approvals in all sorts of DEXes. These approvals can be revoked by the user, but for contracts, functionality must be built in to revoke approvals. Sometimes router contracts get hacked, such as the recent Sushi incident. The sushiswap's router processor 2 contract had a bug introduced which could exploit the approvals given by normal users. This incident has been widely covered as shown [here](https://twitter.com/peckshield/status/1644907207530774530?s=20).

The primary method of mitigation of this attack was to revoke approvals to the router contracts. This functionality is however missing in this margin contract. If a user had used this margin contract and gave the address of the sushiswap router to carry out a swap, they would have lost any tokens in the margin contract since the approvals cannot be revoked.

To make matters worse, in the current contract the approvals are given for the max uint256 value, instead of the amount being operated on currently. There is no way to reduce the allowances, and the entire balance in the contract can be in danger.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L309

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L267

## Impact

Complete loss of account funds if any router contract gets hacked.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L309

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L267

## Tool used 

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a `revokeAllowance` function. This will be responsible for revoking allowances from router contracts.
