BAHOZ

medium

# Account type of MarginTrade contract has no effects on the account

## Summary

Account type of MarginTrade contract -cross vs isolated- has no actual effect on the account and this may cause all feature deposits to be blocked by Aave

## Vulnerability Detail

In cross margin accounts, all open positions use the same margin balance and liquidation of one position may affect other positions. They are suitable for traders with multiple positions on margin.

In isolated margin accounts, each open positions has their own margin and they can be separately managed. They are suitable for speculative and highly leveraged positions.

`Aave` uses isolation mode as follows:

> Isolation mode allows to list new assets as Isolated which has a specific debt ceiling and can be only used to borrow stablecoins that have been permitted, by `Aave` Governance, to be borrowable in isolation mode.

https://docs.aave.com/developers/whats-new/isolation-mode

Depending on `Aave`s docs, isolated accounts are supposed to be used to handle isolated assets only. However account mode is never passed from factory contract to the MarginTrading contract and it is only stored in the factory contract without any effects apart from keeping the count of the different type of margin accounts in `isolatedMarginTrading` and `crossMarginTrading` variables.

There is also no checks in the `MarginTrading.sol` contract that assures a cross mode borrower does not use an isolated asset as collateral and same is missing for isolation mode accounts.

Check `Aave`s docs https://docs.aave.com/developers/whats-new/isolation-mode:

> In case the user has other assets enabled as collateral, they can still supply Isolated Asset to capture the yield but won’t be able to use it as collateral

> Borrower in Isolation Mode cannot enable any other assets including the other isolated assets as collateral.

This will allow users to create any type of accounts in factory and then proceed to deposit the wrong type of asset to lendingPool. 

Consider this case:
A user creates a cross margin account calling `createMarginTrading()` with `_flag = 1`. Then deposit an isolated asset to the margin trading account as first deposit. Although the account type is cross margin account, `Aave` will consider this account as isolated from now on. This will cause adding a new asset as collateral to be reverted by `Aave`.

## Impact

Wrong account type, deposits to `Aave` may be blocked, discrepency between account types in `Aave` and `Dodo`

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTradingFactory.sol#L120-L127

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTradingFactory.sol#L128-L135


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Store account type flag in `initialize()` of `MarginTradin.sol` and require deposits to cross margin accounts to be unisolated asset and deposits to isolated margin account are isolated assets.
