0xrobsol

medium

# No check for duplicates in the List.

## Summary
No check for duplicates in the List.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the "createMarginTrading" function we create a margin contract by cloning them and then add them to the crossMarginTrading[] list. However there is no check if the marginTrade already exist before pushing the marginTrading contract.

## Impact
1.  A user can over leverage themselves by creating several identical margin Contract This can be useful for users who wants to borrow more of the asset they wouldn't afford. But also have an effect on users that with more risk especially the cross margin trades.

2. If a lot of users are over leveraged it can cause a lot of forced sell-offs "liquidations", the protocol might not get all its money back. This could cause big problems for the protocol it might not have enough money to cover its own costs or to let other users withdraw their money. This could lead to a loss of trust and potentially make the protocol go broke.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTradingFactory.sol#L125

## Tool used
Visual Studio

Manual Review

## Recommendation
A simple solution would be to have a check before pushing it to the array.

`bool exists = false;
for (uint i = 0; i < crossMarginTrading[msg.sender].length) {
    if (crossMarginTrading[msg.sender][i] == marginTrading) {
        exists = true;
        break;
    }
    unchecked{
    i++
    }
}

// If the element doesn't exist, add it to the array
if (!exists) {
    crossMarginTrading[msg.sender].push(marginTrading);
    emit MarginTradingCreated(msg.sender, marginTrading, crossMarginTrading[msg.sender].length, _flag);
} else {
    // Handle the case when the element already exists ....
    
}

`

