nobody2018

high

# Attacker can steal all erc20 in MarginTrading

## Summary

The root of the problem is that `MarginTrading.executeOperation` does not verify that `_initiator` is equal to itself. An attacker can initiate  `lendingPool.flashLoan` for any MarginTrading contract and steal any erc20 in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

Below I will call `MarginTrading._USER` the owner. First of all, I want to explain why MarginTrading has ERC20.

1.  The owner deposits the token via `MarginTradingFactory.depositMarginTradingERC20`/`depositMarginTradingETH`  which the `_margin` parameter is false.
2.  The owner transfers the token to MarginTrading via `erc20.transfer`.

Next, for simplicity, assume a scenario: Alice creates her MarginTrading A, and she transfers 10000e6 USDC to A, Bob deploys a contract B. **The successful attack is divided into two parts**. The purpose of the first part is to make A call `USDC.approve(lendingPool, type(uint256).max)`, because the  `lendingPool` repays the flash loan via [`[erc20.transferFrom](https://github.com/aave/protocol-v2/blob/master/contracts/protocol/lendingpool/LendingPool.sol#L534-L538)`](https://github.com/aave/protocol-v2/blob/master/contracts/protocol/lendingpool/LendingPool.sol#L534-L538). **If the target erc20 supports 0 value transfer, the first part can be skipped**. The purpose of the second part is to make A call `USDC.approve(B, type(uint256).max)`, so that B can steal all USDC. The first part is as follows:

1.  B initiates `lendingPool.flashLoan` to borrow 1wei USDC for A. The parameters are as follows:
    - receiverAddress = A
    - assets[0] = USDC
    - amounts[0] = 1
    - modes[0] = 0
    - onBehalfOf = A
    - params, this parameter is important, it will be explained in the following decoding.
    - referralCode = 0
2.  lendingPool callbacks to `A.executeOperation`. The parameters are as follows:
    - _assets[0] = USDC
    - _amounts[0] = 1
    - _premiums[0] = 1*9/10000 = 0, this is flashloan premium equal to 0.09%
    - _initiator = B
    - _params, this is the parameter passed in the 1 step, constructed by B.
3.  decode _params. The result is as follows:
    - _flag = 1
    - _swapAddress = B
    - _swapApproveTarget = lendingPool
    - _swapApproveToken[0] = USDC
    - _swapParams = abi.encodeWithSignature("nothing()"), nothing function comes from B
    - _tradeAssets/_withdrawAssets/_withdrawAmounts/_rateMode/_debtTokens are empty array, because when _flag is equal to 1, these parameters are useless.
4.  enter the `_opentrade` function: `IERC20(_swapApproveToken[i]).approve(_swapApproveTarget, type(uint256).max)` is equivalent to  `IERC20(USDC).approve(lendingPool, type(uint256).max)`. Then, `_swapAddress.call(_swapParams)` is equivalent to calling `B.nothing(USDC)`, which returns directly.
5.  The lendingPool callback returns, then the flow returns to B.

The point is here, start the second part:

1.  Same as the 1 step in the first part.
2.  Same as the 2 step in the first part.
3.  Same as the 3 step of the first part, the two parameters are different as follows:
    - _swapApproveTarget = B
    - _swapParams = abi.encodeWithSignature("fun(address)", USDC), fun function comes from B
4.  enter the `_opentrade` function: `IERC20(_swapApproveToken[i]).approve(_swapApproveTarget, type(uint256).max)` is equivalent to  `IERC20(USDC).approve(B, type(uint256).max)`. Then, `_swapAddress.call(_swapParams)` is equivalent to calling `B.fun(USDC)`, which transfers all the USDC of A, remaining only 1wei USDC. This is to repay the flash loan.
5.  The lendingPool callback returns, then the flow returns to B.

## Impact

All MarginTrading ERC20 will be stolen.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L121-L166

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

```diff
--- a/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol
+++ b/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol
@@ -125,6 +125,7 @@ contract MarginTrading is OwnableUpgradeable, IMarginTrading, IFlashLoanReceiver
         address _initiator,
         bytes calldata _params
     ) external override onlyLendingPool returns (bool) {
+        require(_initiator == address(this), "invalid initiator");
         //decode params exe swap and deposit
```