shogoki

high

# Loss of funds - Attacker can call arbitrary function on any smart contract in context of user´s MarginTrading contract

## Summary

An attacker can call any function on any contract (including ERC20 tokens, malicious contracts, etc.) in the context of the users MarginTrading smart contract. 
This can result in the loss of all user funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

in `_opentrade` and `_closetrade` function of MarginTrading.sol there is a call to a input defined address with input defined calldata (`(bool success,) = _swapAddress.call(_swapParams);`) which is supposed to execute a swap on the DODO exchange. However, an attacker can set this inputs to any address and any params to call any contract he/she wants with any data he/she wants in the contect of the users MarginTrading contract.

This is possible because the entry to these function is not fully safeguarded, therefore everybody is able to call them. Because these functions are called inside `executeOperation`, which is the callback function for the AAVE FlashLoan. This function is only safeguarded by the `onlyLendingPool` modifier which allows only the AAVE Pool to be the caller of this function. 
However, this check is not enough, because everybody is able to request a flash loan on AAVE for the MarginTrading contract address and add crafted execution Parameters for `executeOperation` function, that are passed to `_opentrade` or `_closetrade` and use it to steal all the user funds.

A Possible attack flow could look like this:

1. Attacker deploys MaliciousContract `MalC` with a malicious function `attack`
2. Attacker encodes the params:
    1. setting `_flag` to `1`
    2. setting `_swapAddress` to `address(MalC)`
    3. setting `_swapParams` to `abi.encodeWithSignature("attack()")`
    4. setting all other Params to Zero Values
3. Attacker calls AAVELendingPool->flashLoan with the victims MarginTradingcontract as receiver and the encodedParams

```plain
(attacker) -> LendingPool:flashLoan -> MarginTrading:executeOperation
-> MarginTrading:_opentrade -> MalC:attack 
```

**NOTE:** The `MockLendingPoolV2` contract, which is used for testing, is not vulnerable to this. Because it calls the callback function on `msg.sender` instead of `receiver`. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/mock/MockLendingPoolV2.sol#L129

But the actual AAVEv2 contract, which will be used in production is calling the callback function on `receiver`. 

https://github.com/aave/protocol-v2/blob/ce53c4a8c8620125063168620eba0a8a92854eb8/contracts/protocol/lendingpool/LendingPool.sol#L510

## Impact

An Attacker call execute whatever he wants in the context of the user´s MarginTrading Contract and therefore for example steal all the user funds.

## Code Snippet

`executeOperation`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L121-L166

`onlyLendingPool` modifier:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L33-L36

vulnerable line in `_opentrade`and `_clostrade`: 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L270

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L312

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Replace generic input based contract call. If this is meant to be an Exchange on DODO, maybe use an interface to ensure it is only used for this kind of calls.

2. Secure entrance to `executeOperation` function by checking the `_initiator` address.