shogoki

high

# malicious user can open/close other user´s positions

## Summary

An malicious user can open or close positions of every other user.

## Vulnerability Detail

`_opentrade` and `_closetrade` function of MarginTrading.sol are used to open or close the users margin trading positions. This should be only possible for the user itself.


However, it is possible for everybody to open or close a users position.

This is possible because the entry to these function is not fully safeguarded, therefore everybody is able to call them. Because these functions are called inside `executeOperation`, which is the callback function for the AAVE FlashLoan. This function is only safeguarded by the `onlyLendingPool` modifier which allows only the AAVE Pool to be the caller of this function.
However, this check is not enough, because everybody is able to request a flash loan on AAVE for the MarginTrading contract address and add the required execution Parameters for `executeOperation` function, that are passed to `_opentrade` or `_closetrade` and open or close the users position.

**NOTE:** The `MockLendingPoolV2` contract, which is used for testing, is not vulnerable to this. Because it calls the callback function on `msg.sender` instead of `receiver`. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/mock/MockLendingPoolV2.sol#L129

But the actual AAVEv2 contract, which will be used in production is calling the callback function on `receiver`. 

https://github.com/aave/protocol-v2/blob/ce53c4a8c8620125063168620eba0a8a92854eb8/contracts/protocol/lendingpool/LendingPool.sol#L510

## Impact

An malicious user can open or close positions in the users name, even if the user does not want to. 
This can cause a loss for the user, because positions could be closed in a loss.

## Code Snippet

`executeOperation`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L121-L166

`onlyLendingPool` modifier:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L33-L36


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Secure entrance to `executeOperation` function by checking the `_initiator` address.

```solidity
require(_initiator == address(lendingPool), "caller is not the lendingPool");
```
