qbs

high

# Fund loss caused by an attacker who creates a flash loan with specified parameters and sets MarginTrading as the receiver.

## Summary
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L121-L127
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-dodo/blob/main/dodo-margin-trading-contracts/contracts/marginTrading/MarginTrading.sol#L89-L95

By creating a flash loan and designating MarginTrading as the receiver, an attacker can manipulate the parameters passed to executeOperation(), which will be triggered by the lendingPool contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `MarginTrading.executeFlashLoan` function is designed to allow calling the Aave lending pool contract for a flash loan. The `onlyFlashLoan` modifier is intended to restrict access to the `executeFlashLoans` function to authorized callers only. This function sets the receiver address and `onBehalfOf` value (where the incurred debt will be applied to) as a contract address and requests a flash loan of a certain amount of reserves by calling the flashLoan function on the Aave lendingPool contract.
The lendingPool then transfers the requested amounts of reserves to the intended contract and calls `executeOperation`. The `executeOperation` callback allows users to partially or fully close or open their position. This function is protected by the `onlyLendingPool` modifier, which checks if the transaction sender is Aave’s lendingPool. However, an attacker can call Aave’s flashLoan function directly on the lendingPool contract and specify the MarginTrading contract's address as the recipient, bypassing the access control of `executeOperation` and calling `_closetrade` or `_opentrade` with arbitrary parameters.

Here's the attack flow:
1. The attacker calls the Aave lendingPool to request a flash loan and specifies the MarginTrading contract's address as the recipient, along with arbitrary parameters.
2. The lendingPool transfers the requested amounts of reserves to the MarginTrading contract and calls executeOperation with the attacker-specified data.
3. The executeOperation function checks if the msg.sender is the lendingPool contract and will process the function call.

## Impact
An attacker can call `_closetrade` and `_opentrade` functions of MarginTrading contract with arbitrary values.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function executeOperation(
        address[] calldata _assets,
        uint256[] calldata _amounts,
        uint256[] calldata _premiums,
        address _initiator,
        bytes calldata _params
    ) external override onlyLendingPool returns (bool)
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a state variable called e.g. `isFlash` that will keep track of whether the MarginTrading initiated a flash loan or not. When the contract initiates a flash loan, set the `isFlash` variable to True. In the executeOperation() function, only allow calls if "isFlash" is True. After the flash loan code is executed, set the `isFlash` variable back to False.